Create generators flexibility (#264)
decentralized-identity/bbs-signature: draft-irtf-cfrg-bbs-signatures.md

- The returned points must be unique with very high probability, that would not lessen the targeted security level of the ciphersuite. Specifically, for a security level `k`, the probability of a collision should be at least `1/2^k`.
- It should be infeasible to guess the discrete logarithm of the returned points, for any base, even with knowledge of the public parameters that were used to create those generators (like the `generator_seed` value in [Hash to Generators](#hash-to-generators)). Note that pseudo randomness does not necessarily imply this property. For example, an implementation that repeatably hashes a public seed value to create exponents `r_1, r_2, ..., r_count` (where `r_1 = hash(seed), r_2 = hash(r_1), ...`) and then returns the points `H_1 = P1 * r_1, H_2 = P_1 * r_2, ..., H_count = P_1 * r_count` would be insecure (given knowledge of the seed), but given knowledge of only the points `H_1, ..., H_count`, the sequence would appear random.
- The returned points must be different from the Identity point of G1 as well as the constant point `P1` defined by the ciphersuite.
- Must be constant time for a specific `count` value.
- MUST be deterministic.

> - Must use proper domain separation for both the `create_generator` procedure, as well as all the internally called procedures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Must use proper domain separation for both the `create_generators` procedure, as well as all of the internally-called procedures.
```
